Add Organisation and Project invitations (#560)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/project_invitation.html.markdown

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: project_invitation"
sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-resource-project-invitation"
description: |-
    Provides an Atlas Project Invitation resource.
---

# mongodbatlas_project_invitation

> `mongodbatlas_project_invitation` provides a Project Invitation resource. This represents an Invitation for an Atlas User within an Atlas Project.

Reviewer: few notes:
- Project, invitation, and user are not proper nouns. These should start with lower-case letters.
- The description can be simplified to one sentence.
```suggestion
`mongodbatlas_project_invitation` invites a user to join an Atlas project.
```

Author: Done

Each Invitation for an Atlas User has a set of roles that provide access to a Project in an Organization.

> 

Reviewer: resolved comment above doesn't seem to have been addressed.

> Each Invitation for an Atlas User has a set of roles that provide access to a Project in an Organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each invitation for an Atlas user includes roles that Atlas grants the user when they accept the invitation.
```

Author: Done

The roles that can be utilised can be found in the [MongoDB Documentation](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/user-roles/#project-roles), which map to:

> 

Reviewer: resolved comment above doesn't seem to have been addressed.

Author: I am not sure what happened here, but fixing now.

* GROUP_OWNER
* GROUP_CLUSTER_MANAGER
* GROUP_READ_ONLY
* GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_ADMIN
* GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_WRITE
* GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_ONLY

> -> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You may find group_id in the official documentation.

Reviewer: The placement of this note is odd. It should probably be placed lower were the arguments are described. We also use `GROUP-ID` in the official docs, though that might change to `groupId` at some point.

```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You may find GROUP-ID in the official documentation.
```

Author: Done

## Example Usages

```hcl
resource "mongodbatlas_project_invitation" "test" {
  username    = "test-acc-username"
  project_id  = "<PROJECT-ID>"
  roles       = [ "GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_WRITE" ]
}
```

```hcl
resource "mongodbatlas_project_invitation" "test" {
  username    = "test-acc-username"
  project_id  = "<PROJECT-ID>"
  roles       = [ "GROUP_READ_ONLY", "GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_ONLY" ]
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `project_id` - (Required) The unique ID for the Project to create the Invitation.
* `username` - (Required) The Atlas User's email address.

> * `roles` - (Required) 	List of User’s roles within the Atlas Project. The available options are:

Reviewer: These descriptions should probably align with those in the Atlas API documentation:
```suggestion
* `project_id` - (Required) Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the project to which you want to invite a user.
* `username` - (Required) Email address to which Atlas sent the invitation. The user uses this email address as their Atlas username if they accept this invitation.
* `roles` - (Required) List of Atlas roles to assign to the invited user. If the user accepts the invitation, Atlas assigns these roles to them. Atlas accepts the following roles:
```

Author: Done

  * GROUP_OWNER
  * GROUP_CLUSTER_MANAGER
  * GROUP_READ_ONLY
  * GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_ADMIN
  * GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_WRITE
  * GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_ONLY

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Autogenerated Unique ID for this resource.
* `created_at` - The date and time the Invitation was created
* `expires_at` - The date and time that the Invitation will expire
* `invitation_id` - The identify of the Invitation in Atlas

> * `inviter_username` - The username of the person creating the Invitation

Reviewer: These descriptions should probably align with those in the [Atlas API documentation](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/api/project-get-one-invitation/#response):
```suggestion
* `id` - Autogenerated Unique ID for this resource.
* `created_at` - Timestamp in ISO 8601 date and time format in UTC when Atlas sent the invitation.
* `expires_at` - Timestamp in ISO 8601 date and time format in UTC when the invitation expires. Users have 30 days to accept an invitation.
* `invitation_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the invitation in Atlas.
* `inviter_username` - Atlas user who invited `username` to the project.
```

Author: Done

## Import

> Projects Invitations can be imported using Project ID and username (email address), in the format `project_id`-`username`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import a user's invitation to a project by separating the `project_id` and the `username` with a hyphen:
```

Author: Done

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: project_invitation"
sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-resource-project-invitation"
description: |-

>     Provides a Atlas Project Invitation resource.

Reviewer 2: an Atlas.

---

# mongodbatlas_project_invitation

`mongodbatlas_project_invitation` provides a Project Invitation resource. This represents an invitation for an Atlas User within an Atlas Project.

Each invitation for an Atlas user has a set of roles that provide access to a project in an organization.

> The roles that can be utilised can be found in the [MongoDB Documentation](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/user-roles/#project-roles), which map to:

Reviewer 2: Great section, I'd consider adding to org above in the same way.

Author: Will do

Reviewer: try to remove passive voice
```suggestion
The [MongoDB Documentation](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/user-roles/#project-roles) describes the roles a user can have, which map to:
```

* GROUP_OWNER
* GROUP_CLUSTER_MANAGER
* GROUP_READ_ONLY
* GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_ADMIN
* GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_WRITE
* GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_ONLY

-> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You may find group_id in the official documentation.

> ~> **IMPORTANT:** All arguments including the password will be stored in the raw state as plain-text. [Read more about sensitive data in state.](https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/sensitive-data.html)

Reviewer 2: Bad db user copy/paste.  Lost...count.. ;)

## Example Usages

```hcl
resource "mongodbatlas_project_invitation" "test" {
  username    = "test-acc-username"
  project_id  = "<PROJECT-ID>"
  roles       = [ "GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_WRITE" ]
}
```

```hcl
resource "mongodbatlas_project_invitation" "test" {
  username    = "test-acc-username"
  project_id  = "<PROJECT-ID>"
  roles       = [ "GROUP_READ_ONLY", "GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_ONLY" ]
}
```

## Argument Reference

> * `project_id` - (Required) The unique ID for the project to create the database user.

Reviewer 2: Same as above I'd do a bit more copy paste of the verbiage from our docs.  https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/api/project-create-one-invitation/

Author: I have put this in and will test in the next few days.
